so before we got the trailer for season
two of ghost we already knew that
redmond he was going to play the role of
davis maclean's brother we saw this
while they were filming season two
and guess who i'm shooting a scene with
today y'all never get it
that's right y'all funk doc is on the
same with you
yes i'm playing this bruh on ghost power
book two and it's gonna be fire fire so
y'all stay tuned man we'll keep locked
in you know what i mean
and we knew method man in redmond
they're practically brothers off-screen
and when he was mentioned that he had a
brother in season one we all knew it was
gonna be redmond who was going to play
the role so this is going to be a very
short video because we don't actually
know too much about theo roland's
character but we're going to break it
down with a further few key details and
look at redmon's character we're going
to have a look at his character
description his past and history and
what he could bring to power as well as
a bit of lorenzo because it seems as if
they could be in the same prison by the
color of their jumpsuits but of course
if you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already remember to
smash the subscribe button if you didn't
see everything powerbook 2 ghost season
2 and power universe related now there
are a few questions going into season 2
why is dear roland in prison did davis
mclean have a role in him being
sentenced and what was he sent down for
because we know from his character
description theo roland used to run the
streets with his little brother davis
mclean but now they sit on the opposite
sides of the law theo's serving an
extensive prison term and davis just off
his win from the tasha st patrick case
he's the biggest defense attorney in new
york city but they both know how the
past played out differently davis mclean
could have been locked up alongside his
big brother but theo questions if his
kill is enough for davis to keep his
promise so we know one thing davis
mclean used to run the streets with his
brother and he's someone who was in the
game before and it definitely sounds as
if his brother theo took the rap for
whatever they got caught for so i do
think theo is covering for whatever
davis mclean did and the past in history
of the two brothers crimes will
definitely be revealed in a few
conversations across season two of ghost
and this is the side that i'm really
looking forward to from davis mclean
because we know proctor had this side to
him which grew as the seasons went on in
power we knew that procter had a family
who was connected to the streets and he
was a character who accepted later on in
power that whoever was a threat had to
go we had procter telling ghosts many
times he had to get rid of angela they
had to get rid of maria suarez because
she was someone who could identify him
as ghost and if he wanted to keep his
identity a secret then he had to get rid
of anybody that could associate him as
ghost he went even as far as to watching
his ex-wife lindsay proctor died of an
overdose something which he could have
prevented if you wanted to and i do
think we're going to see a similar turn
of character from davis mclean as well
especially as we start to learn more
about his past and history with theo and
as he starts to work with tariq a bit
more he's going to learn wherever terry
goes there's always a death involved
because that's just who he is he's a
saint patrick and he'll always be under
the spotlight and even though davis
mclean already knows some of the history
of the saint patrick's after dealing
with the tasha case he definitely
doesn't know what he's getting himself
into with tariq and the taharis so i do
predict his character to start taking a
dark turn and possibly even telling
tariq in order for him to stay out of
jail he's gonna have to get rid of
someone because we know davis maclean he
wins at all costs he's got an unbeaten
record and he'll want to keep it that
way but with theo himself he won't be
coming out anytime soon he's serving an
extensive prison term although they
didn't specify how long for and what
he's inside for but we all know one way
he can get out of prison and that's by
snitching the same way in which uncle
frank was able to be released from
prison in season one because he was a
snitch or you could be released the way
two bit was released but let's wait and
see because i do think he's gonna play a
bigger role because he's actually
wearing the same jumpsuit color as
lorenzo as well and this tells me that
they're gonna be locked up in the same
prison so they could very well know each
other especially considering they've
been locked up for a while and this part
from lorenzo's character description
tells us that he's going to learn some
secrets that molini's been keeping from
him which will cause the conflict and
split between the tardive family but
where's he gonna learn these secrets
from could it be one of davis mclean and
tariq's play to feed these secrets and
information through his brother theo for
example to cause this to harder split
because tariq will need to sacrifice
someone in order for him to stay our
prison that's for sure and he's gonna
have to be smart about the way he does
it whether it's sacrificing one of the
taharis such as zeke or monet for
example tariq will definitely do what he
has to do and he's proven to us before
that he'll do whatever he has to to
protect himself and his family we saw
him kill ray ray ghost and jabari and
also play a huge part in kanan's death
but tariq only kills when he has to kill
so i definitely think they're
introducing davis mclean's brother more
than just to give us a bit more of a
backstory to his character he could play
a key role being in the same prison as
lorenzo who we only got a very small
scene of from this trailer but let me
know what you guys think what's in store
from three of rowling's character and
what role could he play in season 2 of
powerbook 2 ghost drop all your comments
down below and of course if you're new
to the channel and you haven't done so
already do remember to smash the
subscribe button if you want to see
everything power book 2 ghost and power
universe related but as always thank you
guys for watching and i'll see you
next time